Update to CoAl functionality, bug fix (#2248)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2248.bugfix.rst

> Fixed a bug present in the Collisional Analysis module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug that had been causing incorrect results in `~plasmapy.formulary.collisions.helio.collisional_analysis.temp_ratio`.
```
(for a bit more detail)
